src/about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: My resume
permalink: /about/
---

I'm a self-taught Rubyist who in mid-2020 left a career in humanities teaching, got a new day job in tech support, and used my newfound free time to work toward my first developer job.

## Work

[**Sana Benefits**](https://sanabenefits.com/) \| *Remote*
<about-position>Software Engineer <about-date>April 2023 – present</about-date></about-position>
<about-position>Associate Software Engineer <about-date>Feb. 2022 – March 2023</about-date></about-position>

[**Booster Apps**](https://boosterapps.com/) and [**Rivo**](https://www.rivo.io/) \| *Remote*
<about-position>Tech Support Manager <about-date>July 2021 – Feb. 2022</about-date></about-position>
<about-position>Tech Support Engineer <about-date>June 2020 – June 2021</about-date></about-position>

## Personal projects

[**"Learn Ruby" resource list**](https://github.com/fpsvogel/learn-ruby) <about-date>2020 – present</about-date>

- Learning in public as a way to keep myself motivated while helping others find good learning resources.

[**This website**](https://fpsvogel.com) \| <small>[GitHub](https://github.com/fpsvogel/blog-2021)</small> \| *Bridgetown, Hotwire (Stimulus + Turbo Drive)* <about-date>2021 – present</about-date>

- Blogging monthly on development-related topics.
- [Featured on the Ruby Rogues podcast](https://rubyrogues.com/bridgetown-rb-ft-felipe-vogel-ruby-526) for the Bridgetown tutorial that I wrote alongside my site.
- My Bridgetown tutorial was also [featured in Ruby Weekly](https://rubyweekly.com/issues/561#:~:text=Build%20a%20Static%20Site%20in%20Ruby%20with%20Bridgetown).

[**"Reading" Ruby gem**](https://github.com/fpsvogel/reading) <about-date>2021 – present</about-date>

- A parser for plain-text CSV reading logs.

## Open source contributions

[**Bridgetown**](https://github.com/bridgetownrb/bridgetown/pulls?q=author:fpsvogel) \| *Ruby 3* <about-date>Jan. 2022</about-date>

[**Circulate (Ruby for Good)**](https://github.com/rubyforgood/circulate/pulls?q=author:fpsvogel) \| *Rails 6, RSpec, Factory Bot* <about-date>Dec. 2021</about-date>

## Education

M.A. in Classical Studies \| *University of Kentucky* <about-date>2014 – 2017</about-date>

B.A. in English Literature \| *LeTourneau University* <about-date>2010 – 2014</about-date>

Commit message:

Add Worlds project to about page

src/about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: My resume
permalink: /about/
---

I'm a self-taught Rubyist who in mid-2020 left a career in humanities teaching, got a new day job in tech support, and used my newfound free time to work toward my first developer job.

## Work

[**Sana Benefits**](https://sanabenefits.com/) \| *Remote*
<about-position>Software Engineer <about-date>April 2023 – present</about-date></about-position>
<about-position>Associate Software Engineer <about-date>Feb. 2022 – March 2023</about-date></about-position>

[**Booster Apps**](https://boosterapps.com/) and [**Rivo**](https://www.rivo.io/) \| *Remote*
<about-position>Tech Support Manager <about-date>July 2021 – Feb. 2022</about-date></about-position>
<about-position>Tech Support Engineer <about-date>June 2020 – June 2021</about-date></about-position>

## Personal projects

[**"Learn Ruby" resource list**](https://github.com/fpsvogel/learn-ruby) <about-date>2020 – present</about-date>

- Learning in public as a way to keep myself motivated while helping others find good learning resources.

[**This website**](https://fpsvogel.com) \| <small>[GitHub](https://github.com/fpsvogel/blog-2021)</small> \| *Bridgetown, Hotwire (Stimulus + Turbo Drive)* <about-date>2021 – present</about-date>

- Blogging monthly on development-related topics.
- [Featured on the Ruby Rogues podcast](https://rubyrogues.com/bridgetown-rb-ft-felipe-vogel-ruby-526) for the Bridgetown tutorial that I wrote alongside my site.
- My Bridgetown tutorial was also [featured in Ruby Weekly](https://rubyweekly.com/issues/561#:~:text=Build%20a%20Static%20Site%20in%20Ruby%20with%20Bridgetown).

[**"Worlds" Ruby gem**](https://github.com/fpsvogel/worlds-console) <about-date>2023</about-date>

- WIP text-based game.
- Planned: a web interface to be built with Hotwire.

[**"Reading" Ruby gem**](https://github.com/fpsvogel/reading) <about-date>2021 – present</about-date>

- A parser for plain-text CSV reading logs.

## Open source contributions

[**Bridgetown**](https://github.com/bridgetownrb/bridgetown/pulls?q=author:fpsvogel) \| *Ruby 3* <about-date>Jan. 2022</about-date>

[**Circulate (Ruby for Good)**](https://github.com/rubyforgood/circulate/pulls?q=author:fpsvogel) \| *Rails 6, RSpec, Factory Bot* <about-date>Dec. 2021</about-date>

## Education

M.A. in Classical Studies \| *University of Kentucky* <about-date>2014 – 2017</about-date>

B.A. in English Literature \| *LeTourneau University* <about-date>2010 – 2014</about-date>
